---
published: true
layout: basic
title: KBM Training
---

***The Experience:***
For the remaining month of April, would you concentrate your prayer efforts to Experience students who are diligently and prayerfully working to raise the funds they need to participate this summer?  As you know, we believe in the power of what God can do through just "one" life to move His Kingdom forward. That's why we're asking you to pray - we don't want any student who is planned and purposed to be here this summer prevented from coming due to a lack of funding.  We need to urgently pray for God to provide and work through their fundraising efforts.  We believe through the power of prayer, we will see each of these students, according to God's good plan, here at Kingdom Building Ministries this summer!
 
To read more about them, follow this link to their <a href="http://www.kbm.org/get-involved/scholarship/candidates/" target="_blank">scholarship page</a>.

***16 Days:***
16 Days is right around the corner as well!  These high school students are full of passion and fire, and we pray God will form them into His likeness and equip them to serve His good and perfect plan for reaching the world with His love.

***Deep Camp:***
Thank you for your diligent prayers this week for those making decisions about Deep Camp!  We are excited for the new faces and families we'll meet!  Continue to pray for faith and God's provision for families who will need financial help in order to come.  Pray that God's heart would guide us as we continue to plan.