---
published: true
layout: "blog-post"
title: "Mercy's Agenda"
date: "2014-02-18"
"poster-image": "https://www.dropbox.com/s/mw3qvelbg1pwowe/mercyagenda.jpg"
---

Did you see the heartwarming <a href="http://gma.yahoo.com/blogs/abc-blogs/heartwarming-exchange-between-trash-collector-autistic-boy-goes-192909594--abc-news-parenting.html?vp=1" target="_blank">ABCNews.com story</a> this week about Manuel, a California garbage collector, and Daniel, a five-year-old boy with autism, who happens to be enthralled with garbage trucks?  Manuel took notice of Daniel, who routinely waits outside his home in anticipation of viewing the weekly pick-up.  On his own time and with his own resources, Manuel bought a replica toy garbage truck to surprise Daniel with on his next collection day.  Surprise him, he did, along with Daniel’s family too.  Without knowing much more, Manuel, at the very least, seems to live an attentive life – seeing, stopping, and responding to the “least of these” around him.

Contrast that story with a scene I witnessed, not once, but twice over the past several years.  One occasion was during a medical mission week in South America where over 3,000 people in great physical need were treated and cared for.  The other time occurred here in the States at a church camp for “at risk” children.  On both occasions, a prominent religious leader stopped -- just as Manuel had done with Daniel.  Only, that is where the stories part.  With clear recollection and great disappointment, I can still vividly recall each of these two leaders pulling up in their upscale and polished cars.  Five minutes and several “photo ops” later, the leaders returned to their cars with scarce interaction with anyone.  And off they went, seemingly to their next very important event.  While they stopped, neither saw nor spent time with those in need.  Their transformational impact left as quickly as it came.

Here’s a third story to consider.  Jesus had just told his disciples that he was headed to Jerusalem to be betrayed, beaten, and crucified <a href="http://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=mark%2010:46-52&version=NIV" target="_blank">(Mark 10:46-52)</a>.  Needless to say, it wasn’t the best of weeks.  Jesus had some pretty important and world-changing events weighing on him.  Nevertheless, as the story goes, as Jesus and his disciples were making their way from Jericho toward Jerusalem, Jesus stops.  His ears caught the shouts of Bart.  Bart, blind and begging for who knows how long, believes Jesus can do for him what no one else ever could or would.   While others sought to disregard Bart, Jesus took notice.  Crossing out the words “funeral plans,” Jesus scheduled in a new agenda item for the afternoon.  He labeled it: “Bart.”  And believing, Bart started seeing – all because Jesus stopped and responded to mercy’s cry along the way.

Here something to ponder as you soak in this story from Mark: “How important does the stuff I do and the agenda I keep have to become in order for me not to see, stop, and respond to the cries of mercy?”
