---
published: true
layout: "blog-post"
title: I Am Loved
author: "lisa-zimmerman"
post_types: "no-type"
date: "2014-09-03 9:00:00"
"poster-image": "https://www.dropbox.com/s/p89zwdajg5ivjxu/DeepCamp2014_224.jpg?dl=0"
bible_references: 
  - Romans
  - 1 John
---

Do you believe that God loves you?  Is your identity anchored in His love?

The pastor at the church I attend shared a message on God’s love last weekend from one of the most frequently referenced passages in scripture, Romans 8:38-39: 

*“For I am convinced that neither life nor death, neither angels nor demons, neither the present nor the future, nor any powers, neither height nor depth, nor anything else in all creation will be able to separate us from the love of God that is in Christ Jesus our Lord.”* 

While we were led in a closing prayer guiding us to personally receive and believe the truth of God’s love over our lives – that we are adopted as sons and daughters into His family – I couldn’t help but notice what was taking place in the pew in front of me.  Not one, but two grown men shed tears as they overwhelmed by freedom, comfort, love and peace remembering once again that they are a beloved son of God.  The truth is, throughout every time, place, season and age, the reminder that we are loved is never out of place.

As believers and family of the King, the foundation of our identity is anchored in the love of God.  We find our rest, peace, security, confidence and direction in His love.  If you haven’t heard it in a while, let me be the first to remind you: God loves you.  

*“See what great love the Father has lavished on us, that we should be called children of God!  And that is what we are!” (1 John 3:1)*
