---
published: true
layout: "blog-post"
title: A New Name
author: "shannon-boyd"
post_types: "no-type"
date: "2014-06-18"
series: 16 Days 2014
bible_references: 
  - Isaiah
"poster-image": "https://www.dropbox.com/s/ctwjgk1abu5i5jx/DSC_0282-2.jpg"
---

This world we inhabit and our very own histories that lead us directly to the current day and hour offer us many labels, many names.  Have you ever stopped to consider and count the names you may go by?  

Valuable, unworthy, stupid, smart, creative, slow, academic, funny, sarcastic, talkative, emotional, athletic, clumsy, insensitive.  More than these, and different combinations of any number of labels.  Add to that the way our identities are amplified by what we do, by our occupations, our roles:  boss, singer, secretary, janitor, teacher, clerk, mom, coach, pastor, missionary kid, accountant, retailer.  

While not all negative, any of them may still hinder us from knowing our truest identity.  Titles and descriptions can crowd around us, stifling us in one way or another, covering over our real name, the very name given to us by the author of us. 

Have you ever asked the Lord of all creation what it is He calls you?  

Perhaps we don’t ask or won’t ask, because it is easier to live into what we already know.  We hesitate to explore it, because we’re comfortable and familiar with the things that have given us value and significance over the years, good or bad.  

An old name, like Most Valuable Player, doesn’t ring the same as a new name, like Gracious Humility.  An existence marked by hiding and shame, while often times painful, is easier to grasp than a reality marked by freedom and acceptance.  The old labels serve us, and the new ones seem too much, too unreal, too good to be true.  The old ones have marked our stories for so long, they are deeply ingrained.  Removing the labels can feel a bit tearing, a bit raw.

If we peel those “Hello, my name is:” stickers off, the painful ones and even the more lovely ones, God’s word over us is waiting to be the trumping factor, the final say, the real name.  He is waiting to amplify his beauty in the unique, artistic expressions he knows by name.   

Just as God spoke to Israel through the prophet Isaiah, he speaks to us even now.  “Do not be afraid, for I have ransomed you.  I have called you by name; you are mine.”  (Isaiah 43:1)