---
published: true
layout: "blog-post"
title: "Go!"
author: "john-boyd"
post_types: "no-type"
date: "2014-05-31"
series: Experience 2014
bible_references: 
  - Matthew
tags: 
  - The Great Commission
"poster-image": "https://www.dropbox.com/s/dzckirualb4dkm8/fetch.jpg"
---

*Come!  Sit!  Stay!*  Whether or not you own a dog, these are most likely familiar commands.  They are simple, concise, and clear.  If you have ever journeyed the path of canine care-giving, these instructional orders may bring a sense of satisfaction and joy as you remember your times of training.  Of course, in the case of temperamental and otherwise obstinate four-legged friends, you may have another set of not-so-complimentary adjectives to describe some less than successful obedience sessions.  At any rate, navigating the giving and receiving of commands invades our living space from birth to death.

Those who claim the title “Christ-follower” are asked to willingly lay down their rights to call the shots and do life on their own terms.  The decision to follow Jesus means readily doing whatever he requests, instructs, or orders.  Obeying a trustworthy and loving God should be uncomplicated and swift, right?  A quick and simple “yes, my Lord” or “at your service” should do the trick.  One would think so, especially when it comes to sharing with others what God has so graciously and lovingly done for us.  The command is clear: “Go!  Make disciples!” (Matthew 28:19)  And yet we sit.  Worse still, we stay put.  Somehow the command seems to get lost in translation that disciple making requires the action of going.  Befuddled by complacency, confusion, and spiritual consumerism, we sit and we stay … and the litany of excuses and justifications quickly follow.  It’s not that we don’t hear.  We, in fact, do hear.  We just don’t want to obey.  Truth be told, we really don’t believe God, and we choose to trust and depend on ourselves first.  Left to a kingdom of our own making, we cower in safer, more comfortable, and less fear-filled places.  

We were meant for a life far beyond *come, sit, and stay*.  We were meant to see those who are “harassed and helpless, like sheep without a shepherd” (Matthew 9:36) in our Jerusalem’s, Judea’s, Samaria’s, and in the uttermost reaches.  And we were meant to share some very good news with *all* people groups -- those near and far, those known and those yet to be known -- about who Jesus is and how they are a part of his very great love story.  The harvest is still plentiful.  The laborers are still too few.  Jesus is calling.  **It’s time to “Go!”**