<p> </p>
<p style="text-align: center;"><em>And the Lord said, "I will cause my goodness to pass in front of you; and I will proclaim my name, the LORD, in your presence...And he passed in front of Moses, proclaiming, "The LORD, the LORD, the compassionate and gracious God, slow to anger, abounding in love and faithfulness, maintaining love to thousands, and forgiving wickedness, rebellion and sin..."</em></p>
<p style="text-align: center;"><strong><em>Moses bowed to the ground at once and worshiped.</em><br /></strong>(Exodus 33:19; 34:6-8)</p>
<p class="caption" style="text-align: center;">More of God.  More of His will.  <br />More of His GLORY!</p>
<p style="text-align: left;">When was the last time you bowed in awe of our all-glorious God and worshiped Him? <span>God deserves glory, not for what He does, but for who He is!  Everything He is is glorious.  Imagine the site that day on the mountain: God's goodness, His GLORY, passed in front of Moses as God proclaimed His Name - compassionate and gracious, slow to anger, abounding in love and faithfulness, maintaining love to thousands, and forgiving wickedness, rebellion and sin.  The passage says, <strong>at once</strong>, Moses bowed down and worshiped Him. </span></p>
<p style="text-align: left;">No other response is possible as the glory of God is revealed to us.  We know from scripture that the whole earth is full of God's glory, but do we know the One who is glorious intimately? Our all-glorious God is gracious enough to make Himself known.  The more we come to know God's glorious character, the more our hearts burn to worship and glorify His Name as we pray, and the more everything He is becomes everything to us.</p>
<p style="text-align: center;"><strong>As you start your time in prayer this week, declare the glorious character of our God, <br />and let everything He is be everything to you.</strong></p>