<p>  </p>
<p><span class="caption">"But with eager hope, the creation looks forward to the day when it will join God's children in glorious freedom from death and decay. For we know that all creation has been groaning as in the pains of childbirth right up to the present time. And we believers also groan, even though we have the Holy Spirit within us as a foretaste of future glory, for we long for our bodies to be released from sin and suffering. ... And the Holy Spirit helps us in our weakness. For example, we don't know what God wants us to pray for. But the Holy Spirit prays for us with groanings that cannot be expressed in words. And the Father who knows all hearts knows what the Spirit is saying, for the Spirit pleads for us believers in harmony with God's own will." Romans 8:21-23, 27-27 NLT</span> Groaning to <em>come alive</em> - it could be said that this has been a theme of the human heart since sin entered the world.  And rightly so - we've been groaning for COMPLETE redemption and restoration of creation and our intimacy with our Heavenly Father!  <em>But be encouraged - God has provided for the groaning.  </em>He knew we'd taste it - the clumsiness of holding onto hope and promise, the ache in our gut that cries for freedom from decay, and all the pensive, furrowed brows we've cast looking up into the sky wishing to catch a glimpse of our King.  It's been tasted before us, we taste it now, and the longing will be tasted again.  So how do we live, today, this week, this year, our whole lives, while longing to come fully alive?</p>
<p>First of all, God's provision has appointed us a Helper through the groaning, one who gives us the foretaste of future glory, and helps us come alive today - the Holy Spirit. He groans <em>with us</em>, and even <em>helps us pray</em>.  And by God's grace, the Holy Spirit pleads for us in harmony with God's own will. We often don't know what to pray while bearing the weight of our clumsiness, heart ache, and furrowed brows, but the Holy Spirit expresses for us.  What an amazing gift!  We've been provided for to live by this hope - the Kingdom is coming. </p>
<p>Also, find solace in the truth that our coming alive is not up to us, it's up to God's Spirit alone.  A growing sprout is not capable of understanding how it came alive, nor is it able to reproduce the effect - it just happened!  Furthermore, it was CREATED to come alive and grow, and it freely surrenders to the journey! Could we adopt that same posture?  Why not let life's journey of groaning and coming alive by the Spirit be what it is?  It is a worthy and beautiful journey to be had; after all one day, having engaged a lifetime of eagerly waiting and praying, you'll be heard singing HALLELUJAH, finally <em>face to face</em> with Abba Father in heaven - a sprout no more.  So even in light of the groaning and this glorious mystery of awaiting complete redemption, let His face shine upon you, soaking in His warmth and nourishment He gives day by day.</p>
<p style="text-align: center;"><strong>God has provided for the journey of coming fully alive, even as we groan.<br /></strong><strong>So while we wait, let's receive the Spirit's help as we come alive one day at a time.</strong></p>