<p> </p>
<p>A Great Feast is foretold in the Bible, a feast certain to outdo any spread found in the richest of homes on Thanksgiving.  We read about this heavenly banquet in Revelation 19 with great rejoicing and expectancy, but have we fully considered this table?</p>
<p>While we gather with friends and family this week, may we be mindful of the way of the King and His Kingdom.  </p>
<p>Jesus told a parable about this banquet (Luke 14:13-24).  In context, it was given to warn the Jewish people against rejecting His invitation into the Kingdom, but we'd be wise to also consider the meaning.</p>
<p style="padding-left: 30px;"><em>But when you give a banquet, invite the poor, the crippled, the lame, the blind, and you will be blessed.  Although they cannot repay you, you will be repaid at the resurrection of the righteous. When one of those at the table with him heard this, he said to Jesus, "Blessed is the man who will eat at the feast in the kingdom of God."  </em><br /><em>Jesus replied: </em><br /><em>"A certain man was preparing a great banquet and invited many guests.  At the time of the banquet he sent his servant to tell those who had been invited, 'Come, for everything is now ready.'  But they all alike began to make excuses.  The first said, 'I have just bought a field, and I must go and see it.  Please excuse me.'</em> <br />Again and again, those invited were too busy. <br /><em>The servant came back and reported this to his master.  Then the owner of the house became angry and ordered his servant, 'Go out quickly into the streets and alleys of the town and bring in the poor, the crippled, the lame.'"</em> <br />Even after the newcomers, there was still room, so the master told the servant to bring everyone in from the roads and country and make them come.  Yet, the men who were invited first would get no taste of the feast.</p>
<p>The way of the Kingdom is hidden from those whose hearts have not accepted Christ's invitation.  Will you accept it?  As this Thanksgiving week begins, I thought it would be helpful to start a list of various ways we can be mindful of the Kingdom.  Be blessed as you commune with God and with others! <br />Happy Thanksgiving.</p>
<p style="text-align: center;"><strong>Is your heart ready for the King? </strong></p>
<ul>
<li><span style="line-height: 1.3em;">Has your heart made room to dine and delight with the King (Psalm 63:5)?  Are you too busy for His invitation? </span></li>
<li><span style="line-height: 1.3em;">Before you join others in worship and thanksgiving, is your heart clear before God and those around you (Mark 11:25)?  Do you have anything to confess or ask forgiveness for? </span></li>
<li><span style="line-height: 1.3em;">Will you take time with others to share what you are grateful for and what God has done in your life (Luke 7:16-17)? </span></li>
<li><span style="line-height: 1.3em;">Is there anyone else you could invite to your table this week (Luke 14:13)? </span></li>
<li><span style="line-height: 1.3em;">Is the Lord leading you to serve or give in a special way this week?  Maybe to your church, your family, your neighborhood, or the world around you (Galatians 8:7)? </span></li>
<li><span style="line-height: 1.3em;">Are your eyes open to the need and suffering around you?  Have you considered how you could be a blessing or offer comfort (Matthew 9:35-38)? </span></li>
<li><span style="line-height: 1.3em;">Will you labor for what is eternal instead of busying yourself with what does not satisfy (Matthew 6:19-21)? </span></li>
<li><span style="line-height: 1.3em;">Will you be joyful, pray, and be thankful (1 Thessalonians 4:16-18)?</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="line-height: 1.3em;">"Come, all you who are thirsty, come to the waters; and you who have no money, come, buy and eat!  Come, buy wine and milk without money and without cost.  Why spend money on what is not bread, and your labor on what does not satisfy?  Listen, listen to me, and eat what is good, and your soul will delight in the richest of fare." <br />Isaiah 55:1-2</span></p>