<p><br />     Pastor Robert Gelinas, a member of KBM's itinerant team, recently published a book entitled, "The One Prayer Jesus Always Answers: The Mercy Prayer."  The book is a practical guide for receiving the mercy we all desperately need and letting it flow from us into the lives of others. God's abundant compassion is at the core of His character and was central to the earthly mission of Jesus, but have we embraced God's merciful character in our own lives?  Do we extend merciful hearts to those around us?  Prayers of mercy are the most common prayers in all of the Bible.  Point proven - we all need mercy.</p>
<p><span class="caption">"For the LORD your God is a merciful God; He will not abandon or destroy you."                   Deuteronomy 4:31</span>      We sin, we suffer, we may suffer from our sin, and we sometimes sin to alleviate our suffering.  How do we ever find our way through?  Let your heart find healing, hope, and transformation in the most prayed prayer in the Bible, <strong>"Lord have mercy on us."</strong>  There's nothing wrong with this raw plea for intervention, and remarkably, it's a request that God has never failed to grant...often in surprising ways that have radically transformed individual lives and the trajectory of history itself. </p>
<p style="text-align: center;"><strong>Have mercy on us Lord, we pray. </strong><br /><strong>This week in prayer, let your heart reflect on God's merciful character. </strong><br /><strong>He is so gracious to compassionately respond to the humble state we're in. </strong><br /><strong>Healing, hope, comfort, strength, and transformation may be just around the corner.</strong></p>