<p style="text-align: center;"> </p>
<p style="text-align: center;">Take a moment to think about the following challenge from Dwight Robertson: <br /><strong>"When in heaven you realize how much was accomplished through prayer,<br />you'll be sorry you practiced it with so much economy."</strong></p>
<p style="text-align: left;"><span class="caption">Now to him who is able to do immeasurably more THAN ALL WE ASK OR IMAGINE, according to his power that is at work within us, to him be the glory in the church and in Christ Jesus throughout all generations, for ever and ever! Amen. Ephesians 3:20-21 </span><br />Can you recollect all the moments and circumstances in your life when you said to yourself, "Wow, God did immeasurably more than I expected!"?  I'm sure there are many, and yet we will never cease to be surprised when God ushers in "the immeasurably more."  It's almost as if there is a correlation between our expectation in faith and the answer gifted. Do you remember the story of the widow and her empty jars in 2 Kings 4?</p>
<p style="text-align: center;"><em>Elisha said, "Go around and ask all your neighbors for empty jars.  <strong>Don't ask for just a few.</strong>  Then go inside and shut the door behind you and your sons.  Pour oil into all the jars, and as each is filled, put it to one side." </em></p>
<p style="text-align: left;">You know the rest of the story - in humility, the widow collected as many empty jars as she could find, and oil miraculously flowed and filled each jar until there were no more to receive.  The widow came to Elisha in need of resources to pay her deceased husband's debt; not only was the debt paid in full, but the widow and her sons had enough to live off of what was leftover!  How great is our God!  <br /><br />God's promises never fail, but sometimes our faith can be meager and our prayers too safe and sparing.  It is often thought that had the widow asked for even more jars, there would have been even more oil to fill them. What are your thoughts about Dwight's encouragement above?  If our God is the God of "immeasurably more than all we could ask or imagine" for the sake of His glory and Kingdom advancement in our lives, families, communities, and world, than let's get to PRAYING!</p>