<p><em> </em></p>
<p><em>"And when you fast, don't make it obvious, as the hypocrites do, for they try to look miserable and disheveled so people will admire them for their fasting. I tell you the truth, that is the only reward they will ever get. But when you fast, comb your hair and wash your face. Then no one will noticethat you are fasting, except your Father, who knows what you do in private. And your Father, who sees everything, will reward you."</em><br />-Matthew 6:16-18</p>
<p>In this passage in Matthew, Jesus, as usual, flips our worldly way of thinking upside down. Think about it - we are trained from a young age to do things well or correctly for praise or reward: that A+ at school, the promotion at work, the gratitude of our loved ones. But here, Jesus specifically says that if you decide to fast, do it in a way that NO ONE WILL NOTICE.</p>
<p style="text-align: center;">So what is the point?</p>
<p>If nobody sees what we are doing, and there is no immediate or obvious affect of our actions, why would we bother? If no one notices, and we are not affirmed or cheered on to keep doing the right thing, what is our motivation?</p>
<p style="text-align: left;">The answer lies in the end of verse 18: "...your Father, who sees everything, will reward you." <br />Jesus knew something that we often forget - God sees everything, He notices everything, and He will never overlook us.</p>
<p style="text-align: left;">So the question is: do we believe that?  Do we believe that God sees us, even when we can't see Him, and those prayers offered in secret still matter?  Do we believe we can have meaningful encounters with God in ways that no one else ever knows or hears about?</p>
<p style="text-align: center;"><strong>Here, through the discipline of fasting, Jesus is inviting us into a sweet and secret experience with God alone - <br />an intimate time shared with Him and no one else. </strong></p>
<p style="text-align: center;"><strong>Will you come?</strong></p>