<p><br />     God's love for us is so intimate and personal that He knows us better than we know ourselves!  Yes, He loves us in the midst of our present shortcomings, but He isn't satisfied with us staying there.  In His eyes, He sees the overcomer we are in Him, and He gently beckons us to live apart from the old and step into the NEW identity we have in Him.</p>
<p><em class="caption">To him who overcomes, I will give some of the hidden manna.  I will also give him a white stone with a new name written on it, known only to him who receives it. <br />Revelation 2:17 </em>During our discipleship training programs, students acquire a "new name" from God.  The name typically reflects the uniqueness of their God-given identity, and something surprising they found emerge within themselves they didn't necessarily know was there, similar to the way Peter may have been surprised to be called "Rock," or Gideon a "Mighty Warrior."  Here are some examples from the 2013 Experience team: Determined Hope, Courageous Surrender, Enduring Son, Compassionate Abider, Steadfast Lion, and Humble Oak.  These new names God gives encourage us when the muck of "real life" tries to dirty our God-given identity and hinder us from living as the overcomer we are in Christ.  Our intentional and loving God, along with the "great cloud of witnesses," are cheering us on everyday to live unhindered by the "old" and to freely walk as one who has overcome in Christ and awaiting a new name written on a white stone in heaven!</p>
<p style="text-align: center;"><strong>As you spend time in prayer this week, reflect on your identity found in Christ.</strong><br /><strong>Maybe God has a new name to encourage you with! </strong><br /><strong>Finally, ask Him how you can live more freely into your unique, God-given identity.</strong></p>