<p> </p>
<p>     There really is something special that happens when you feel "at home" somewhere - you know you're accepted, you belong, and you'll be included.  You also feel free to be yourself, to put your feet up, relax, and even share what's truly going on in your heart!  We often experience this "at home" feeling with our best friends and family.  There is a satisfaction that comes with being "at home," but when was the last time your heart remembered the invitation to feel at home with your Maker in Heaven, completely satisfied in Him?  Our God fills everything in every way (Ephesians 1)!  Our home sweet home is, and always will be, found in Him.</p>
<p>     Home <em>is</em> heaven, and we will be there someday.  However, since Jesus made a way for His Kingdom to come near, we can feel "at home" in Him, even while we labor on earth.  Take a look at this excerpt from a past <em>Laborer's Journal</em> article, written by Dwight Robertson.</p>
<p style="padding-left: 60px;"><em>Today, we hear few songs - or sermons for that matter - about heaven.  It's just not on our minds very much.  We live most of our lives as though no eternal time, place or reward exists.  Eternity is barely in view. </em></p>
<p style="padding-left: 60px;"><em>Not so with Jesus.  He made it very clear that His heart and mind were on heaven - even as He walked this earth.  In fact, His eternal view seemed to provide Him the increased hope and strength to make it through the sorrows and suffering He faced.  And He didn't just think about heaven.  He talked about it often with His disciples.  They saw the twinkle in His eyes and heard the hope in His voice as He spoke about returning to be with His Father in heaven. And then He must have gotten even more excited when He told them they would get to come, too! </em></p>
<p style="padding-left: 60px;"><em>In order to be effective laborers for God's Kingdom today, we must regain the view. </em></p>
<p>     A piece of being an effective laborer is being home with Jesus everyday.  In doing so, we invite others into discovering the same hope and complete dependence on God.  Home is heaven, but the comfort and beauty of heaven can be found now while being satisfied in the love and presence of Jesus Christ.</p>
<p style="text-align: center;"><strong>Do you feel "at home" and satisfied in your Heavenly Father's presence and love? <br />An encouragement for this week - ask Jesus how to feel more at home with your Maker! </strong></p>
<p style="text-align: center;"><em>You couldn't have told me I'd find what I found</em><br /><em>Contentment and peace from above </em><br /><em>Feeling at home in the presence of Jesus </em><br /><em>Laying way back in His love </em><br /><em>Warming myself by the fires of His spirit </em><br /><em>Camping right close to the throne </em><br /><em>Just feeling at home </em><br /><em>Feeling at home</em> <br />(Lyrics by Bill and Gloria Gaither)</p>