<p style="text-align: left;"><br />What gave Abraham the courage to leave his home and travel to an unknown land?  What gave Moses fortitude to face the Red Sea as he led the Israelites in deliverance from Egypt?  How did a shepherd boy become king or a young girl face the rejection of her fiance and community, believing her womb held the Messiah?  <br /><span style="text-align: center;">They knew what God had promised, and BELIEVED.</span></p>
<p style="text-align: center;"><strong><span style="font-size: 11pt; font-family: Corbel;">Yes, the men and women we read about in the Bible had great faith and belief, <br />but they were men and women just like us, and so, the story continues.</span></strong></p>
<p class="caption" style="text-align: center;"><em><span style="text-align: center;">Against all hope, Abraham in hope believed...he did not waver through unbelief regarding the promise of God, but was strengthened in his faith and gave glory to God, being fully persuaded that GOD HAD THE POWER TO DO WHAT HE HAD PROMISED.</span></em><span style="font-family: Corbel; mso-bidi-font-family: Corbel;">  <br /></span><span style="font-size: 11.0pt; font-family: Corbel; mso-bidi-font-family: Corbel; mso-bidi-font-weight: bold;">Romans 4:18-21</span></p>
<p style="text-align: left;"><span style="font-size: 11.0pt; font-family: Corbel; mso-bidi-font-family: Corbel; mso-bidi-font-weight: bold;">Scripture is FULL of God's promises for us to believe and PRAY, over ourselves, our family, our communities, and the world.  As we soak God's Word up, our prayers and intercession begin to match His promises and purposes for His beloved Bride.  These promises (i.e. eternal life, the coming of His Kingdom, peace and provision, deliverance, etc...) are not like the "pinky promises" we made in 3rd grade.  They have been SPOKEN BY GOD!  And guess what, we can joyfully believe and trust God, because the promises are promised BY HIM, the Great I AM, the Holy One, the Creator of the heavens and the earth, our Everlasting Father, the Almighty, King of Kings, the Alpha and Omega!  He has the power to do what He said He would do.  Do you believe it? </span></p>
<p style="text-align: center;"><strong><span style="font-size: 11pt; font-family: Corbel;">Our mighty God is the same yesterday, today, and forever (Hebrews 13:8).  <br /></span><span style="font-family: Corbel; font-size: 11pt;">So what stands between you and believing God's promises in your life, for others, and for the world?</span></strong></p>
<p style="text-align: center;"><em><span style="font-size: 11pt; font-family: Corbel;">Search out God's promises,<br /></span><span style="font-family: Corbel; font-size: 11pt;">Make them a part <br />Of a treasury of hope <br />Carefully stored in your heart.<br />B.J. Hoff</span></em></p>