<p> </p>
<p style="text-align: center;">Have you ever encountered a season or life situation so difficult that it literally shook you to your core?  <br />Or maybe you're facing the reality of adversity right now.  Chapters such as these often show us how deeply "rooted" we are in trusting God and placing our hope and confidence in Him.</p>
<p><em class="caption">But blessed are those who trust in the LORD and have made the LORD their hope and confidence. They are like trees planted along a riverbank, with roots that reach deep into the water. Such trees are not bothered by the heat or worried by long months of drought. Their leaves stay green, and they never stop producing fruit.<br />Jeremiah 17:7-8 NLT<br /></em>As noticeable as a weakened tree is, we can usually feel, deep within our hearts, just how deep our roots reach when the wind, heat, or waters arrive.  Choosing to follow Jesus Christ has never guaranteed anyone a life free from adversity.  However, through His sacrifice on the cross, He has purchased freedom for us in this life and has brought the promise of eternal life to come!  Also, Jesus said He'll never leave us nor forsake us!  What do we have to fear? Free from worry, we can plunge deeply into life, having roots tied to the truth and promises Christ has given to us. Jeremiah says, "Blessed are those who TRUST in the Lord, and have made Him their HOPE and CONFIDENCE."  Our daily choices to grow deeper in prayer and intimacy with God matter.</p>
<p style="text-align: center;"><strong>Take a look at your roots this week. </strong><br /><strong>Let's dig to deeper places of trust, hope, and confidence in Christ.</strong></p>