<p> </p>
<p style="text-align: center;">"Forgive your people, who have sinned against you.  Now, my God, may your eyes be open and your ears attentive to the prayers offered in this place..." <strong>When Solomon finished praying, fire came down from heaven and consumed the burnt offering and the sacrifices, and the glory of the LORD filled the temple.</strong>  The priests could not enter the temple of the LORD because the glory of the LORD filled it.  When all the Israelites saw the fire coming down and the glory of the LORD above the temple, they knelt on the pavement with their faces to the ground, and they worshiped and gave thanks to the LORD, saying, <br />"He is good; his love endures forever."</p>
<p><span class="caption">More of God.  <br />More of His will.  <br />More of His GLORY! </span>When we come up close to our all glorious God, worship is inspired, but we are also faced with how poor, broken, and un-glorious we are before Him.  Isaiah, after seeing the Lord seated on His throne high and exalted cried, "Woe to me!  I am ruined.  For I am a man of unclean lips, and I live among a people of unclean lips, and my eyes have seen the King, the LORD Almighty."  </p>
<p>Praise be to God that in His mercy and forgiveness, He does not leave us in our brokenness.  As Isaiah cried out, an angel touched his lips declaring his guilt taken away and his sin atoned.  When Solomon presented the Israelites before God in prayer and offered his sacrifice, God consumed the sacrifice with fire and filled the temple with His glory, making it known He had heard Solomon's prayer.</p>
<p style="text-align: center;"><strong>Are you hungry for "More of God. More of His will. More of His glory."?</strong>  <br /><strong>Come as a broken sacrifice before God this week. May His glory increase in and through your life.</strong></p>