<p> </p>
<p>     Rejoice in the Lord, friends!  Fix your thoughts on what is <em>true, and honorable, and right, and pure, and lovely, and admirable</em>.  God is near, and may His hand be the most familiar hand you ever hold.  We need not worry about anything.  Are we putting this truth into practice on a daily basis?  How clouded with worry has your heart been lately?  Perhaps a good heart cleanse is in store this week to clear the skies.</p>
<p><span class="caption">"Don't worry about anything; instead, PRAY ABOUT EVERYTHING.  Tell God what you need, and thank him for all he has done.  Then you will experience God's peace, which exceeds anything we can understand. His peace will guard your hearts and minds as you live in Christ Jesus." Philippians 4:6-7</span>God's heart for us is that we would experience the freedom of His supernatural peace!  His peace can be our reality through any circumstance.  It does take some effort on our part, however.  Philippians 4 tells us not to worry, but to PRAY about EVERYTHING.  Jesus is near, no matter how serious or seemingly insignificant our concerns may be.  Our God of peace has a way to cover both our hearts and our minds - <em>exceedingly</em> more than anything we can do ourselves.  Rejoice and be free!  Isaiah 26:3 reminds us, "You will keep in <em>perfect peace</em> all who trust in God, all whose thoughts are fixed on Him." </p>
<p style="text-align: center;"><strong>What cloudiness in your day would clear if you handed your worries over to Jesus in prayer?  <br />Tell God what you need, thank Him for all He's done, and LIVE in Christ.  Rejoice!  May your freedom be evident to all.</strong></p>