<p> </p>
<p><em> Going</em> to church and <em>being</em> the Church.  We all know there's a big difference.</p>
<p>Being a new Colorado resident, I have been in prayer since before I moved that God would intentionally lead me to a new church community to plug into.  The journey has been more challenging than I anticipated, for a variety of reasons, but the prayerful process has brought an important reminder to my heart.</p>
<p>I've sat in a number of different congregations lately - some small, others big, some with acoustic guitars and candles, others with electric guitars and awesome stage lights, some with glazed doughnuts, others with gluten free communion wafers.  But you know what?  It hasn't been all the special features that have drawn my attention.  Scanning the room, what I've noticed every time are the lives that fill each and every seat.  I've thought to myself, "What is their story?  What is their circle of influence?  Are they awakened to living their life on purpose for the glory of God and His Story?  What would happen to the Denver area if they were?"  The heavenly vision and potential of these questions get my heart excited, but I had to bring the questions home to my own heart - in my process of visiting new churches, has my own life continued to be a reflection of BEING the Church wherever I am?</p>
<p>So Church, what do you say?  What would happen if we all embodied the C<span>hurch, spreading the fragrance of Christ's love and Good News to our friends, neighbors, family, schools, co-workers, and anyone else along the way this week? </span></p>
<p style="text-align: center;"><strong>Friends, we've got some Kingdom laboring to do.  Let's pray more for the churches we attend.  <br />May each life sitting in a seat stand up and realize they ARE the Church - <br />Christ's Plan A for reaching the lost, broken, and helpless. </strong></p>
<p><span><em>But thanks be to God, who always leads us as captives in Christ's triumphal procession and uses us to spread the aroma of the knowledge of him everywhere.</em> <br />2 Corinthians 2:14</span></p>