<p> </p>
<p>     As a little girl, I remember waking up some mornings to the sound of my Mom and Dad praying together.  I was young, but could tell their words were heart-felt, passionate, and powerful...<em>and then I realized they were praying for me</em>.  I have no question that the prayers they have prayed over my life have helped me through the journey and to where I am today.</p>
<p><span class="caption"><em>But as for me and my family, <br />we will serve the LORD.</em> <br />Joshua 24:15</span> The legacy of prayer my parents have sown in my life is something I'm excited to continue with a family I will hopefully have one day.  However, it can be hard work!  I'm sure many of you have stories you could share about laboring years in prayer for a family member.  Why does it feel like sowing prayer and believing for God's miraculous touch in our family members' lives is more difficult sometimes than praying for friends or the cashier at the grocery store?  The enemy's plan of attack against the family unit is strong.  After all, God designed family to be the first place to experience God's loving character and the journey of discipleship.  But family is often a place we feel like we have to shine up, polish, and have it "all together."  Find a breath of freedom in this reality - The "perfect" Christian family does not exist, and it's never too late to make a bold family declaration to serve the Lord, pray together, and start the journey.</p>
<p style="text-align: center;"><strong>Are you actively sowing a legacy of prayer in your family?  If not, what has hindered you? <br />What specific family members can you think of that you need to start praying for?</strong></p>