<p> </p>
<p>Have you ever thought about what might be happening in the spiritual realm when we fast?  We know from Ephesians 6 that the daily battle we face is not against flesh and blood or what we can see, but it is within the spiritual realm!  So why do we so often manage the hardships we face with earthly responses (conflict resolution, satisfying ourselves by escaping in some manner, seeking counsel from friends instead of God)  when what we really need is a spiritual response through prayer and possibly fasting?  Although we have limited understanding, scripture shares a great deal of spiritual insight regarding the breakthrough that can happen when we pray and fast according God's will!</p>
<p>Has there been a recent occurrence in your life that has aroused the need for urgent prayer and petition?  Perhaps some spiritual warfare or opposition, breaking a stronghold of sin, pleading for God's perfect will to be done in your church or community, deliverance for a family member or friend, or sensing a new season of dependance on God coming?  Since fasting empties our flesh of our own means of human provision and satisfaction, we open our hearts to realize how desperate we are for God and are able to more fully receive His provision. </p>
<p>In the first chapter of the book of Daniel we read that Daniel chose not to defile himself by eating food from the King's table, but to only eat vegetables and drink water.  Just think of it, having the world's finest delicacies at your fingertips, but not indulging.  Wow!  As the book unfolds, I look back to chapter 1 and wonder if this season of fasting (3 years!) was what built an unmovable foundation of dependence on God and faith that enabled him to walk the many trials he did. God knew what was in store, and He <em>provided</em> a way for Daniel's faith and reliance on Him to be sure as he faced a prophetic dream-telling or death, a furnace of flames, hungry lions, and more.  I wonder just how sweet Daniel's fellowship was with God during those years.</p>
<p>Take a look at 2 Chronicles 20, when King Jehoshaphat learned he and his people were about to be attacked by a mighty army.  He resolved to inquire, not the military experts, but the LORD, and declared a fast for all of Judah.  What was the outcome?  This is what the Lord said:</p>
<p style="padding-left: 30px;"><em>Do not be afraid or discouraged because of this vast army.  For the battle is not yours, but God's...You will not have to fight this battle.  Take up your positions; stand firm and see the deliverance the Lord will give you. </em>2 Chronicles 20:15,17</p>
<p>And what about spiritual breakthrough from our fleshly desires, urgently asking God to bring revival in our own hearts? Fasting can be a means of cleansing our hearts and minds, and opening up the door for God's mighty breakthrough! Consider the story in Mark 9 where the disciples were unable to cast out an evil spirit.  The boy was brought to Jesus and with His command, the evil spirit left!  The disciples were curious as to why the evil spirit didn't leave with their rebuke and Jesus answered: "This kind cannot be driven out by anything but prayer and fasting"(Mark 9:28-29 AMP).<br /><br /></p>
<p style="text-align: center;"><strong>Is it time for a spiritual response to the not-so-earthly circumstances you're facing? <br />Seek God wholeheartedly - breakthrough is in store.<br /><br /> </strong></p>
<p style="text-align: right;"><em>Then your light will break forth like the dawn, and your healing will quickly appear; </em><br /><em>then your righteousness will go before you, and the glory of the Lord will be your rear guard.  </em><br /><em>Then you will call, and the Lord will answer; you will cry for help, and he will say: Here am I.</em> <br />Isaiah 58:8-9</p>