<p><br />     God said, "When you seek me with all your heart, I will be found by you" (Jeremiah 29:13,14). "All my heart."  It's a phrase that often feels intimidating.  Sometimes when I arrive to the part of my day set apart for uninterrupted time with Jesus, it's painfully apparent my heart and mind are everywhere else but with Jesus, even first thing in the morning!  But throughout the entirety Scripture, God communicates over and over again that He wants us near to Him.  By God's grace we can be up close to Him everyday, but sometimes we have to lead our life to deeper measures of "seeking Him with all our heart."  One of these deeper means God has provided for us is fasting, and we'll spend the next few weeks diving into the topic!</p>
<p>     The original word for "fasting" in scripture literally means "not eating."  It seems simple enough, but matters of the heart and soul are deeply intertwined.  Stepping into the Hebrew culture and language gives us some helpful insight.  Leviticus 16:29-31 says, </p>
<p style="padding-left: 30px;">"This is to be a lasting ordinance for you: On the tenth day of the seventh month you must deny yourselves and not do any work - whether native-born or a foreigner residing among you - because on this day atonement will be made for you, to cleanse you. Then, before the LORD, you will be clean from all your sins. It is a day of sabbath rest, and you must deny yourselves; it is a lasting ordinance."</p>
<p>     There are several things to gather from this passage!  First, the Hebrew phrase "deny yourselves" (fasting) is equivalent to "afflicting one's soul."  The Hebrews understood that fasting was not just about afflicting one's body, but afflicting one's very soul - an act of self-denial where the wants and desires we crave are submitted unto God.  Second, this particular fast involved abstaining from more than just food.  Eating, drinking, washing, anointing, work, and even putting on shoes  were forbidden!  Fasting can take many forms in our life besides not eating.  Let's be honest, there may be things we could deny ourselves that would draw our wholeheartedness to God in greater ways than not eating - watching tv, using social media, unhealthy patterns, or anything that has the potential to become an idol.  And lastly, this fast found in Leviticus was held during the Hebrew "Shabbat" or Sabbath, a time set apart as a gift from God to take part in spiritual enrichment and rest!  The Hebrew understanding of fasting was intimately connected to prayer, worship, time in Scripture, and resting in dependance on God.</p>
<p>     So, fasting is "denying oneself" for the purpose of deeper spiritual communication and relationship with God.  We fast to express our wholeheartedness to God, seeking Him with "all your heart" to find Him.  We fast out of love and obedience to our God who has provided an incredible means of experiencing greater intimacy with Him and breakthrough in prayer.  </p>
<p style="text-align: center;">"Fasting helps to express, to deepen, and to confirm the resolution that we are ready to sacrifice anything - <br />to sacrifice ourselves - to attain what we seek for the kingdom of God." <br />-Andrew Murray</p>