<p><span style="line-height: 1.3em;"><br /><br />"Don't get your hopes up." <br /></span><span style="line-height: 1.3em;">"That is too good to be true." <br /></span><span style="line-height: 1.3em;">"I'll believe it when I see it."</span></p>
<p>These are familiar phrases that we hear from a young age and learn to repeat, training ourselves to keep our expectations, and the risk of disappointment, low.</p>
<p>Many of us have walked through enough hard knocks to learn that it's better to not expect anything good, because then if it never comes we won't be disappointed; and if it does, we will be in for a pleasant surprise. We imagine that we are becoming more holy because we are convincing ourselves that we can be content with less, we love and serve all things "realistic" and we offer very small and weak prayers to a small and weak God who doesn't at all resemble the God of the Bible.</p>
<p>But the God of the Bible clearly believes in hope.</p>
<p>"May the God of HOPE fill you with all joy and peace in believing, so that by the power of the Holy Spirit you may abound in HOPE." (Romans 15:13)</p>
<p>"Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ! According to his great mercy, he has caused us to be born again to a living HOPE through the resurrection of Jesus Christ from the dead..." (1 Peter 1:3)</p>
<p>Hope is a scary thing. It can feel like a big balloon growing up inside of us that just might be popped at any moment. But without hope, our trust in God is not complete. In the words of Brennan Manning, "trust is the winsome wedding of faith and hope" - we can have faith and BELIEVE what God says is true, but if we have no hope we are not truly trusting God to be all that He says He will be, or to do all that He says He will do.</p>
<p>As you pray this week, I challenge you to pray with <em>hope</em>.</p>
<p>I challenge you to remember that we worship a God of Good News.  Remember that we serve a God who promises that He knows the plans He has for us, and they are plans to give us "hope and a future" (Jer. 29:11). We follow a God who says that He is "able to do immeasurably more than all we ask or imagine" (Eph. 3:20).</p>
<p>And I think that is a very, very appropriate reason to get our hopes up.</p>