<p> </p>
<p>(excerpt from <em>Dangerous</em>, by Caleb Bislow)</p>
<p>"Superstition, of course, says that the 13th floor is the place everybody is afraid to go. Quite often, it's the floor in a building that doesn't exist-people try to pretend it away. We may find this humorous as Christ followers, but we have to admit that there are often regions around us that we treat the same way. This calling to seek out 13th floors for Christ won't be for the faint of heart. These are often dark, dangerous, and despised places that don't hand out invitations, especially to Christians."</p>
<p class="caption"><em>Go to Him [Jesus] outside the camp bearing the disgrace He bore. </em><br />Hebrews 13:13</p>
<p>"Like many of you, there is something inside of me that desires to live courageously. It's why we watch movies like Braveheart and Gladiator over and over again. These movies show us inspirational characters who have found something in life worth living and dying for. There is often a surge of inspiration that I get watching these characters on the big screen. The same thing happens to me when I read about the heroes of the faith in the Bible. But it is amazing how quick that dose of adrenaline can fade off and nothing in our life changes. This book is for those that have had enough. It's for those that are tired of being inspired and are ready to step into a lifestyle that looks similar to those that we read about in the book of Acts."</p>
<p style="text-align: center;"><strong>What "13th floors" exist near YOU? <br />As you pray this week, ask God to open your eyes to people and places <br />you'd rather not see and take the step of faith to go "outside the camp."</strong></p>