<p><em> </em></p>
<p><em>When Jesus came down from the mountainside, large crowds followed him.  A man with leprosy came and knelt before him and said, <strong>"Lord, if you are willing, you can make me clean."</strong>  Jesus reached out his hand and touched the man. <strong>"I am willing," he said.  "Be clean!" </strong> Immediately he was cleansed of his leprosy.</em>  Matthew 8:1-3</p>
<p><br /><span class="caption">So faithful.  So constant. So loving and so true.  So powerful in all you do.  You fill me.  You see me.  You know my every move.  You love for me to sing to you.  I know that You are for me.  I know that You will never forsake me in my weakness.  And I know that You have come down.  Even if to write upon my heart - to remind me of who You are.  (Lyrics from "You are For Me" by Kari Jobe)</span> Do you ever try to make exchanges of "deservedness" with Jesus?  You clean yourself up, stay extra disciplined in reading His Word and praying, and have a better week overcoming that area of sin you're so ever aware of. Naturally, you think God will be "more willing" to answer your prayers, since you are more deserving today than you were last week.  This paradigm is comfortable, with an exchange you feel you can control.  But what if our reality more closely resembles the story of this leper in Matthew 8? </p>
<p>The leper was a walking dead man in the culture of his day, judged and ostracized by society.  After all, to even touch someone suffering from this disease could transfer death to you.  Most likely, the leper was told he had brought this disease upon himself because of his many sins.  The exchange of "deservedness" had dealt him death. We pity this man as if we were one of the onlookers that day, yet he embodies our very own story - the story of our salvation.  On our best day and best effort, we deserve death apart from Christ - but we have been made alive and given eternal life through the sacrifice of a Savior who selflessly bled and died for a condemned world. </p>
<p>Kneeling before Jesus, the leper asks, "If you are willing, you can make me clean."  Jesus touched him and responded, "I am willing."  What a powerful foreshadowing of what Jesus was about to do for all of humanity, and for you and I.  I often wonder if in that moment Jesus wished to say, "I am willing to heal, but you have no idea just how willing I am." </p>
<p style="text-align: center;">When you pray, do you measure God's willingness to work in <br />and through your life according to what you think you've earned or deserve? <br /><strong>Kneel before Jesus this week, not as the onlooker in the crowd, but as the leper, and believe again in His saving grace.</strong></p>