<p><br />We discussed last week that we can feel "at home" with Jesus and completely satisfied in Him now, even as we await our real home in heaven.  "Heaven must be our carefully chosen goal and the object of our holiest longing," wrote author and theologian A.W. Tozer. "We must avoid the common fault of pushing the 'other world' into the future. It is not the future, but present." <br /><br />However, it does us well to also let the view of heaven be an encouragement that carries us through wearisome days on earth.  Consider the following from the second part of "A View of Heaven," by Dwight Robertson.</p>
<p style="padding-left: 30px;"><em>As Kingdom laborers, Christ tells us to pick up our crosses daily and follow Him.  Along the path of earthly life, He heard the Father's voice saying, "Well done" - much the same way we can hear the Father's affirmation as we follow Christ in a life of laborship.  But Christ also gave us a forward vision to inspire us.  It's described in Hebrews 12:2 - He endured the cross "for the joy set before him."  What did He have before Him? The view.  And that same joy is set before us as we gain a view of what awaits us in eternity.  <br /><br />Imagine for a moment: <br /></em><em>- Having conversations with those we read about in Scripture. <br /></em><em>- The music we'll hear and the worship we'll sing. <br /></em><em>- Imagine turning the corners of heaven and seeing sights that are more breathtaking </em><em>than the 7 wonders of this world. <br /></em><em>- Banquets with tastes far better than the most exquisite ones on earth! <br /></em><em>- The timeless nature of heaven - our joy will truly last forever. <br /></em><em>- A place where children run free - where purity and goodness are everywhere. <br /></em><em>- Our heavenly bodies! <br /></em>- <em>The moment when you see Him: suddenly you're changed.  You're like Him! <br /></em><em>- Being in His presence forever.</em></p>
<p style="text-align: left; padding-left: 30px;"><em>But in the meantime, we have a limited view of heaven - and with good reason.  If God had given us full view of heaven here, it would erase all desire to remain a moment longer here on earth.  There is a better place, an unending day, an extraordinary home ahead to set our sights upon.  And that view - as limited as it is - will lead us through earthly journey.</em></p>
<p style="text-align: center;"><strong>Imagine this week the view of heaven. <br /></strong><strong>Let the sight drive your surrender to pick up your cross and follow Jesus.</strong></p>