---
published: true
layout: "prayer-update"
title: He is King
date: "2014-02-16"
---

Have you seen the King of Kings?
Did you recognize Him walking along dusty roads with friends?
Did you hear His teachings?
Did you watch Him heal the sick and forgive the sinner?
And did you watch Him die on that cross?

I often wonder if I would have recognized Jesus as King and Messiah.  And many days I have to ask, "Is *all I am* bowed to the King of Kings?".

>Does the way you pray reflect belief that you are LOVED by your Friend, Savior, **King**, and Heavenly Father?

You are intimately loved by a Friend, His name is Jesus.
You are passionately loved by a Savior.
The King's loving pursuit for all you are will never end.  

Scripture is packed with pictures of Jesus' Kingly character.  We speak so much of laboring faithfully for the Kingdom...so have we stopped to catch a glimpse of the King in all of His glory lately?  Have you heard Him sing His captivating song of victorious love and delight over you?  Can you see yourself standing among the redeemed, clothed in His righteousness, adopted into His Kingdom?
 
Jesus is meant to be the only King we'll ever have.  He has fought for you and won you in loving victory.  He is the foundation of everything true, just, and righteous.  His Kingdom will never end.  Did I mention He takes great delight in you, the redeemed of the LORD?  And, Jesus wants *all of you*.  So will you bow before His splendor and majesty?  Will you trust His love and goodness enough to surrender your life to serving Him?

Take note of scripture passages that display Jesus' Kingly character this week. How will a new understanding of Jesus as King shape the way you pray?  Are you daily surrendering all you are to your Lord and King?

*The LORD, the King of Israel, is with you; never again will you fear any harm.  On that day they will say to Jerusalem, "Do not fear, O Zion; do not let your hands hang limp. The Lord your God is with you, he is mighty to save.  He will take great delight in you, he will quiet you with his love, he will rejoice over you with singing.*
(Zephaniah 3:15-17)
 
*I saw heaven standing open and there before me was a white horse, whose rider is called Faithful and True.  With justice he judges and makes war.  His eyes are like blazing fire, and on his head are many crowns.  He has a name written on him that no one knows but he himself.  He is dressed in a robe dipped in blood, and his name is the Word of God.  The armies of heaven were following him, riding on white horses and dressed in fine linen, white and clean.  Out of his mouth comes a sharp sword with which to strike down the nations.  "He will rule them with an iron scepter."  He treads the winepress of the fury of the wrath of God Almighty.  On his robe and on his thigh he has this name written:
KING OF KINGS AND LORD OF LORDS.*
(Revelation 19:11-16)

*Moses answered the people, "Do not be afraid.  Stand firm and you will see the deliverance the LORD will bring you today.  The Egyptians you see today you will never see again.  The LORD will fight for you; you need only to be still.*
(Exodus 14:13-14)

*The Lord is good to all; he has compassion on all he has made.  All you have made will praise you, O LORD; your saints will extol you.  They will tell of the glory of your kingdom and speak of your might, so that all men may know of your mighty acts and the glorious splendor of your kingdom.  Your kingdom is an everlasting kingdom, and your dominion endures through all generations.  The LORD is faithful to all his promises and loving toward all he has made.*
(Psalm 145:9-13)